present to you htc desire
c 608 t or it is a novelty of 2013
the phone works simultaneously in two
jetsam standards meaning you can
simultaneously use mts and kyivstar
example on this phone and both
cards will be active
at the same time that means you are a moment
talking on one card can
take the call that comes in 2
cards screen htc desire 600 8 t
Super LSD 24 and a half inches
Resolution 540 by 600 by 960 dots per
inch
it is equipped with a quad core processor
qualcomm snapdragon s4 with clock
a frequency of 1 2 gigahertz
RAM 1024 megabytes
built-in 8 gigabytes supports
memory cards up to 64 gigabytes of capacity
1860 battery pir hour pretty
decent display
means on the top right side of the button
sound volume control
top on / off button connector
under headphones 35 below microusb connector
for charging and connecting to a computer and
microphone hole
operating system android 4 2
jelly bean kit goes everywhere cable
for connecting to a computer or for
connect to a charger such
charger is inserted into
outlet and in it and it has yusb
connector that can connect this
cable also go there are no Russian books
It means the display htc sense 5
what else can you say about this phone
8 megapixel main camera 3264 on
2448 pixels autofocus years flash
16 megapixel front camera
supports hsd at 7 and 2 megabits per
give me a sec
Wi-Fi 802 g d dual band
bluetooth 40 accelerometer sensor
approximation gyro compass fm radio
gps a-gps and glonass
mean standby
five hundred and thirty-nine hours and there were 507
10 hours is in mode 2 g570 7 hours
in 3g mode talk time 11:20 2g to
11 hours 3g size 135 millimeters by 67
by 9.8 millimeters weight 130 grams
pretty nice phone thanks for
Attention